today we are going to make vegetable
biryani Jacques food for this we need to
few vegetables we will cut them long
like potatoes cauliflower carrots as you
can see I have cut them long not very
small pieces and beans so everything is
big in bed so I have also cut fruit
capsicums if you have green capsicum
that's even better take some oil be
little childress with oil and everything
because we are going to have sahi food
see if the oil is hot then put Zera or
cumin seeds and this is start packing
add more turmeric powder add coriander
powder to it add whole garam masala like
bay leaves cinnamon cloves and this
makes everything in the oil so that
things are little bit good then add
tomatoes if you have fresh tomorrow you
should chop them because i'm using tin
tomatoes so i will just press them and
they will become like puri add little
bit of salt because it adds in cooking
tomatoes faster and they will become
clearly very soon once the tomatoes are
good but all the vegetables except the
capsicum because capsicum cooks very
fast and we don't want any of vegetables
to be overcooked to make Brioni so we'll
keep capsicum and we'll cooks capsicum
separately in later on so mix everything
in this masala it's very nice now I am
going to add few green chillies chopped
you can add fruit green chilies as well
you look very good with the VRE now add
more salt to your taste and I have got
this Brianna masala from from the Indian
shop you can buy any Briony masala it
doesn't matter
it's brown and we generous we want to
have a spicy biryani so add little more
forget about the spoon just had so now
mix all this Meganium masala with the
vegetables yeah it's looking nice you
can see all these vegetables should be
covered with the masala add mint and
coriander leaves mint gives very special
flavor as soon as you put mint you can
see smell in your whole house that
something is being good with mint is
lovely thing and I think I need to add a
little more biryani masala because it's
not extrude covered so like all the
vegetables will be covered with the
masala now as you can see ah I can smell
it I can't wait for it is so nice you
see ok now we will cover with the lid
and we we don't want to cook them
completely we will cook them until they
become around seventy percent cooked
because when we will put them in our
oven so rest of the things will be
cooked later on so i will add these
capsicum in this and i will cook them
for another five minutes so that the all
the vegetables will be cooked around
seven to seventy to eighty percent now
the vegetables are coat not completely
so I am got this big oven proof pound I
have already applied little butter
around it so that things will not get a
stick with it and i will put around half
of the vegetables that have cooked in
the bottom and i will cover this this
power bill vegetable so you don't put
all the vegetables only around half of
the vegetables
now apply a layer of yogurt or curd over
it so now put more than half of the rise
over these relatives and spread equally
uniformly over the vegetables yes now I
have covered all my vegetables with the
rice now put little more mint and
coriander leaves so that they've there
will be a layer of not we don't need to
put in a whole layer just so that when
you be eating we'll have a little flavor
of this and put rest of the vegetables
here and make another layer of
vegetables now again apply a layer of
yogurt we don't need to put too much
yogurt if it should be alright because
it will just give you a flavor of yogurt
now put rest of the rice that is around
less than half even remember I rice
should not be good to hold it should be
cooked around eighty to ninety percent
because vegetables and rice will be
cooked in the oven when we will put them
for around half an hour so nothing
should be completely cooked it's very
important now it's looking nice and I am
just putting few more coriander and mint
leaves for garnishing old at all I've
already prepare myself Ron in milk and
as you can see is not turmeric remember
yourself chaperone is very expensive
thing and the spreads ephraim conduct
top layer off authorized so that when it
will cook we can see it and will smell
it covered with the aluminum foil and
put in the microwave at in the oven
sorry not microwave for around half an
hour at 200 degree celsius
and when you will take it out you can
see what we have cooked you see it looks
very nice yeah is cooked so have this
biani with the writer boomer identified
you can see koo kumba right the recipe
on a separate video on my channel thanks
see you soon